
**MEGASOFT STUDIOS**

**PRIVACY POLICY**

MEGASOFT STUDIOS has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how MEGASOFT STUDIOS collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s products, services and websites including, but not limited to MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s Games, MEGASOFT STUDIOS Games on-line stores.

BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. MEGASOFT STUDIOS reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.

**1. Non-personal data**

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data MEGASOFT STUDIOS collects about the use of MEGASOFT STUDIOS Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable MEGASOFT STUDIOS to identify you. The types of non-personal data MEGASOFT STUDIOS may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier ("Device ID"); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and coarse location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by MEGASOFT STUDIOS to enhance the Services and other MEGASOFT STUDIOS products and services.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use and disclose to MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other MEGASOFT STUDIOS services and products.

You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by MEGASOFT STUDIOS may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may supplement your personal and non-personal data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services.

**2. Ad Serving Technology**

MEGASOFT STUDIOS reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by MEGASOFT STUDIOS or MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s partners and contractors. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. MEGASOFT STUDIOS or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. MEGASOFT STUDIOS or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.

You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for MEGASOFT STUDIOS may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although MEGASOFT STUDIOS takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, MEGASOFT STUDIOS does not have access to or control of third party technologies.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may display to you behaviourally targeted advertising.

**3. Location Data**

To the extent MEGASOFT STUDIOS makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, MEGASOFT STUDIOS may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s partners who are providing location related parts of the Service, MEGASOFT STUDIOS will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent MEGASOFT STUDIOS makes available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, it will be provided anonymously. Please note that MEGASOFT STUDIOS may share your anonymous coarse location with its partners.

**4. Personal Data**

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.

Likely situations when you make personal data available to MEGASOFT STUDIOS include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests and special events; (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) purchasing a product or services through MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s online stores; (v) using “tell a friend,” "email this page," or other similar features; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) otherwise through use of MEGASOFT STUDIOS Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.

The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data MEGASOFT STUDIOS may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, MEGASOFT STUDIOS Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address, phone number, photo or other image, birth date, sex, address, friend connections, avatar image, credit card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you, otherwise MEGASOFT STUDIOS treats location as non-personal data).

If you choose to use MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s "tell a friend" or a similar service about MEGASOFT STUDIOS Services or order a gift certificate for your friend, MEGASOFT STUDIOS may store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to MEGASOFT STUDIOS.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s communications and to further develop the Services and other MEGASOFT STUDIOS services and products. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may combine non-personal data with personal data.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s services or third party products and services MEGASOFT STUDIOS thinks may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information.

Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, MEGASOFT STUDIOS may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to MEGASOFT STUDIOS. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by MEGASOFT STUDIOS and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**5. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data**

Personal data may be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, MEGASOFT STUDIOS may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by MEGASOFT STUDIOS. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. MEGASOFT STUDIOS has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for MEGASOFT STUDIOS. MEGASOFT STUDIOS is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or MEGASOFT STUDIOS to legal liability. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may also disclose your personal data to third parties when MEGASOFT STUDIOS has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or MEGASOFT STUDIOS believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on MEGASOFT STUDIOS. To the extent permitted by applicable law, MEGASOFT STUDIOS will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s website or in another reasonable manner.

**6. Data Retention and Correctness**

MEGASOFT STUDIOS retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, MEGASOFT STUDIOS deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. MEGASOFT STUDIOS does not verify the correctness of personal data.

Irrespective of the above, MEGASOFT STUDIOS may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce MEGASOFT STUDIOS user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.

**7. Cookies, beacons and tracking**

The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons. MEGASOFT STUDIOS treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.

Cookies: A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user's computer. MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s cookies do not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” you. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.

Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag” is an electronic image that allows MEGASOFT STUDIOS to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Web beacons, like cookies, do not include personal data. E-mails and other electronic communications MEGASOFT STUDIOS sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable MEGASOFT STUDIOS to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.

**8. Third Party Terms and Conditions**

Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, map data providers, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that MEGASOFT STUDIOS is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or services. Please note that, while using such products or services, you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by MEGASOFT STUDIOS. MEGASOFT STUDIOS is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. The fact that MEGASOFT STUDIOS is linking to those products or services does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may from time to time make available MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s partners’ services, such as sweepstakes or polls and such services may require you to disclose personal data in order to register for and access such services. Such services will reasonably identify the partners at the point of where you are required to disclose personal data. If you at that point choose to disclose your personal data, such personal data may be transferred directly or via MEGASOFT STUDIOS to such third parties and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. MEGASOFT STUDIOS is not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties prior disclosing any personal data in relation to such services.

Please note that certain Services that MEGASOFT STUDIOS may offer, such as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use third party services to provide authentication for the Services with a gaming console ID, social networking ID or gaming network account. When you register to join or use the Services from a third-party gaming or social networking system, certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from MEGASOFT STUDIOS and you hereby consent to the processing, using, combining, disclosing and retaining of such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy by MEGASOFT STUDIOS.

**9. Safeguards**

MEGASOFT STUDIOS follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s possession. Personal data collected by MEGASOFT STUDIOS is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, MEGASOFT STUDIOS maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.

**10. Other**

Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services MEGASOFT STUDIOS may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. MEGASOFT STUDIOS is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.

If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. MEGASOFT STUDIOS encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. MEGASOFT STUDIOS does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age and if MEGASOFT STUDIOS learns that MEGASOFT STUDIOS has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under 13 years of age, MEGASOFT STUDIOS will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s records.

MEGASOFT STUDIOS may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. MEGASOFT STUDIOS may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of MEGASOFT STUDIOS’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.

**11. Further information**

MEGASOFT STUDIOS regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If MEGASOFT STUDIOS receives a formal written complaint from you, MEGASOFT STUDIOS will attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. MEGASOFT STUDIOS will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and MEGASOFT STUDIOS. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy or the breach, termination or validity thereof shall be finally settled at MEGASOFT STUDIOS's discretion (i) at your domicile's competent courts; or (ii) by arbitration in accordance with the Rules for Expedited Arbitration of the Arbitration Institute of the Indian Chamber of Commerce. The arbitration shall be conducted in india, in the English language. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST MEGASOFT STUDIOS ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

